hey everyone so today I went to the mall
with Danny and I got a little haul for
you guys and you know a little bit of a
vlog or whatever but yeah so first off
I'm gonna start with my favorite store
which is obviously lush okay like I
always do lush hauls like I love lush so
my bag kind of broke because I bought
way too many things so I can't really
remember the names of these but so I
can't really remember hey you guys can
just check on the website and it'll show
you so this is like the glittery one
sorry I don't know they usually I do
today but it had like a bat on it I
don't know but it smells like spicy
is pumpkin line it looks like this
smells like spice again I thought I
think this is called floating islands
maybe but it smells really sweet looks
like this right a little bit the comfort
bar maybe and I was so excited that I
already took a piece off and put it in
my bath cause right after I've done this
video but yes so that's basically what I
got and I totally forgot but it's all
cool
I'm gonna go tomorrow and yeah so I'm
gonna show you guys some more goodies
that I bought oh and I bought this
necklace it's by Betsey Johnson it's not
it amazing jealous jealous I love it
okay so the next thing I bought were
these shoes by Steve Madden they're so
hot
they're like gold I can't wait to wear
them where should I wear them I don't
want to wear them um where I work
because I kind of have to stand and walk
around these are gonna kill my feet so
whatever I wear these okay and then um I
went forever 21 and I saw these bat cage
dad you say bat cage I meant to say
caged shoes I was thinking of the shirts
I bought but they're so cute and they
have like
zippers so head up forever21 guys cuz
these shoes are hot and if any of you
guys have these let me know if they hurt
your feet because they look like they'll
hurt your feet but they're so cute so
yeah
Oh a lot of you have been asking why my
hair is two different colors
I'm just unique and that's how I like it
so I don't care about your opinion like
imma do me next thing I went to
necessary clothing and oh my gosh I got
this Todd it's so cute it's like an
off-the-shoulder
it screams mal and it has sequins and
you know I love sequence because I love
all things obnoxious and cute isn't it
so cute
it has like these massive batwing thing
going on and it's just so cute and it's
like tight right here perfect to wear
with leggings and yeah is there another
batwing top and it's succulent
it looks like that and it's white and oh
my gosh it's so cute but it's not so
intense with the batwing why I'd still
kill like with leggings you know New
York City everyone wears likings and
people get offended with me wearing
leggings as pants I don't know why but
everyone in New York does it
so I mean you guys shouldn't get
offended but yeah whatever if you want
to wear pants wear pants don't care um
then the next top is like this slouchy
top with stars on it I just thought it
was so cute and obnoxious that had to
have it and it would look perfect with
my Betsey Johnson necklace so cute so
cute and I thought I'd paired off with
this beige cardigan to go with my beige
hugs because they're like the same color
so how cute would these look together so
cute with leggings and then the next
thing I went to Victoria's Secret cuz
they were having a sale I got this bra
it's so cute like it has this cute
little gem right here so Q and look at
the inside isn't that so adorable and it
has a little bit of a push-up thing make
your Tatas look nice so
looks pretty I know so go to Victoria's
Secret because these were only like $15
and yeah well that's pretty much all I
have to say to you guys today other than
the fact that I saw these really cute
earrings I bet you Johnson but the thing
is is that you guys know that I can't
wear earrings and I really wanted them
but yeah it's so sad
um oh I also got this ring from Betsey
Johnson too isn't it so cute so cute and
my watch is from gasps Marciano yeah
yes Marciano so cute but yeah I'll see
you guys later
and follow my blog because I'm gonna
have pictures of all my lush stuff on
there and hopefully you'll find the name
stuck okay bye everyone